hello to all do not end up for the
saturated saturday in vincennes which reunited
twenty runners on two rungs
different areas will be dealing with
6 and 7 year old horses with ten horses
who will go to the post of 2850 meters
and i'm in the company of michel burgio
to discuss the candidatures of
different competitors
hello salty foods michel we did
the full with not competitors who
will start at two different posts
said his first 10 seconds and that's
true that it 's not going to be obvious the
numbers and the good arrival of chianti
because they are several to be able to
to prevail or to pretend well
obviously at a good place the first
first we get the impression that quality
is rather at the second post but in
head and some competitors who can
play very very good role then one
attack right away with my favorite
absolutely because a reason for
which, by the way, two favorites is
in this context here will rush this
second level it is the hero
Toussaint Tuscan heather is a
brunette baune tenor girl is
as his father is driven by by
bossuet jean baptiste she had done
strong impression some time ago there
a month ago on the racetrack of this
chosen language where she was beating a
some beckmann swedish competitor who
shines a thousand lights on our soil very
beautiful impression every time she has
debated beautifully by putting him
the pressure in the last turn
she disappointed afterwards for her return
on the gravel plateau at the
shown faulty in the first turn a
been not very comfortable in his paces
but you have to take it back because it's a
mare of quality certainly to will
to start at the second rung as we
said but the study of a good course
she can provide the laureate of
the test is not an impossibility I
rebuke the trust and we could not
he judged it's true she was
party with the favors of the public to be
enough money and besides your your
second choice tischendorf padd him
unlike two scans of brière a
satisfied during his last race
it's true he came 5th out of 2100
meters from the big track on it did
not been really lucky he took the
gallop for a given moment a
course I do not know what was done
if he was embarrassed or not but he lost
precious lengths but the incomes
finish well without having all his ease
it finished at the 5th
matthieu abrivard say it in full
stuff in our workouts section
and logically you have to have it
choose bass in this event my
Police only reserve that it will not
unsheathed from the previous ones and that's how
that he got his best
performances
it's my only reservation but logically
visual impression that left in his
last performance
I also hold in confidence
okay we were talking about the two steps
again to prefer is at the second
post
on the other hand your your third choice
is called purple samurai they remain
on great performances but there we
just talked about two competitors of
two previous competitors with
gravel iron performance him
comes from province
here he has never run in class on
adam senn it will be a little baptism of
fire then they come to realize a
season since thirteen remarkable since
that ip antennas so far bought
recently in June of the déferré
four feet and horse is
totally transformed and to win I
you believe the wand
succeeding him barefoot what is
not nothing years 7 successes exactly in nine
outings with free of four feet
is also taken first two
runners
we see that the horse is in full
progression certainly he's going he's going
produce for the first time at
vincennes
it may be an unknown but we put
the means will be franck nivard who will
to sulky so that's exactly to say
that's exactly it smells good it smells like
race aimed a tone around friends their
have the means to achieve a
very great performance
so as I said at the beginning it's
true that my little fear is that
will he adapt to vincennes or
not there is his form for him he is
better than ever logically it takes
expect to see him play a first
role in this ordeal and then time
that this race is reserved for
French horses so it's really
good to eat initially but these are
days where I had side would have been a
beautiful performance at the castle of
vincennes
it's now okay behind
behind these three horses you have
you have tasks and you have chosen
of organs mf thorgen masters who comes
to leave a very beautiful impression
in the Friday night quinté on the
ash of vincennes would place friends a
gave a beautiful replica and at all organic
who is not the first to come into the
last turn he put pressure on me
admittedly he weakens a little in the end he has
finished fourth but that day
the visual impression was pretty good
he leaps at the top what is really
a benefit and already proven on
the courses held the big track even
if he does not necessarily like
but I see it in the first five
logically it's a logical chance
to figure in the arrival of this
test noise absolutely if we see if
we can see his music
we can see on our website
sees that on the big track he's
really comfortable it's really a
super her garden that's exactly so
I think that 's really old by
report the small track of Friday night
So we come back with a sure value
who is like to look even slumped
has proven itself on the on the big
track but who will be at the second level
of these torricelli torricelli exactly
torricelli you who have the football to him
one day remembered that he wanted
turn on absolutely the exact gravity
that's exactly so he too not
of quality just like the Italian player
the time
so it's true he just performed
a return to cabourg that day I
think this entry this back
you'll see a little lungs it's a
choice that gets ready vita and shines
usually on its freshness
it is confirmed on the course held
the big track he no longer has to do his
evidence and logically I see a
first chance also of figure is
the arrival of this quinté
it's a horse hard to effort he can
from afar it is the if need
feels
but logically his place in his
category and a chance on SS7 ago
a chance to match that of being in
the first five which saved the
mitchell I would have liked to contradict you
but in addition to that we can add a
argument is that he driven by
someone named sebastien garat
early and who when he engages his horses
during the vincennes meeting
we know we know very well that they are
competitive and that commitment
had to hit the eye of coaches
standard is exactly at his return and
theodora bella is the logical consequence of
his program with rising power
this race was and then all very
good for him handed holds well
to evoke five horses three bases
horses to follow is what you would have
a surprise something then to
get out of your cat so how are
maybe not my favorite because
that it's worth it is samurai purple in
this fact is as we said that it
admired as much as ever so that will be
my favorite
and as surprise offers you the number
18 years old this is sarah du plessis who
summarizes season 2013 remarkable it takes
know that in March is beats is
uncertain for and from the chaos we've seen
won recently at vincennes and finished
second from the gnt stage to mauquenchy
his performances who still went
sportingly speaking very beautiful it's in
2013 bit but then ran Vincennes
already succeeded and logically she perfume
she not at the far post but if she
manages to take good backs she has
logically a nice role to take for
a 4th 5th place is not impossible and
for what is the good path
if it appears then takes him
learn birch able to
appear at the finish of such an event
even among the pee I would have liked you
contradict but precisely we were talking
just now the talent of a director
sebastian guarato point
it's the same for philippe boutin who does not
never moves to vincennes by chance
the commitment is rather is terrible
so we do this sarah du plessis
maybe a surprise is what
to complete your selection you
have two or three more
competitors who deserve the alley and
of course so to suzette brévol who
discover an ideal commitment to the limit
of hindsight
unfastened all four feet number 10
this is number 10 and entrusts well
obviously to jean michel bazire it's a
body feels good I want to say
it's true that it's really
commitment a little bit aimed also
number 14 100 you can not find it
eric raffin with whom he signed his
better performance is more to do
his evidence to vincennes and this time he
will be four feet unshod what I
retained which actually pushed me the
retain it will be deferrée of the four
feet which has not been the case since
the previous winter meeting
I think it was in March
so logically again I
think that the entourage has put all the
assets on his side to be able to achieve
a very good performance with 100gb
tales you come to hear yards for
to be able to contradict you on the way via
asia
if ever your place and I had
had to make my predictions it would have been my
surprise in surprise we are then
that she has voice of game tips
michel then events then these are
two things that I like so that will be so
if I do not want number 13 and the 3
samurai paul father whom I placed in
second and third positions my
prognosis that I advise you in
couple is placed for the greediest
coupled winner never knows why gold 2
out of 4 also very well listen michel
thank you very much thank you to you go
strongly on Saturday because we will have a
superb canada would be exactly
good very good weekend with of course the
final of the gnt point 2 billion thank you
to michel eeckhout thank you all goodbye